can you put on Like A Hurricane by Paul Landers
Play The Happy Blues by Ronnie Wood.
Play the newest melody on Last Fm by Eddie Vinson.
Use Groove Shark to play music
Please play something good from U-roy.  Any song from 1975 on Zvooq will do.
Play a symphony from 2013.
Let me hear the good songs from James Iha
Play my inventive playlist
I want to play music from iheart
Play Subconscious Lobotomy from Jennifer Paull.
I want to hear a seventies sound track.
play a john maher track
Please play something from Dihan Slabbert that's on the top fifty
Please play something catchy on Youtube
Play something from 2004 by Imogen Heap on spotify
Play seventies music please.
Play music from the artist sean yseult and sort it through top-50
Play anything Jd Natasha did in the thirties
Play music off Netflix.
nineties songs on Zvooq
Open itunes and play Ben Burnley Ready To Die
Play an ep by Zak Starkey.
Play an album from Nithyasree Mahadevan.
I want to listen to something on Youtube
Start playing something from Iheart
Play Trance Life on Zvooq.
Find and play a concerto on Zvooq from 1978 by Ginger Pooley
Play All Things Must Pass.
I want to hear music from Allen Toussaint from the fifties
Turn on Last Fm
Play a song by Rahsaan Patterson.
play Femme Fatale by Bonobo
Play some anneliese van der pol from the thirties on Groove Shark
I want to listen to an ep from 1998.
Play Paul Mccartney
play Jill Sobule album
Play chant's from 1973.
Play something from 90s Pop Rock Essentials
Play Have You Met Miss Jones by Nicole from Google Music.
play chant by Nigger Kojak on Itunes
Play some sixties songs on Google Music
Play a fifties album from Dj Yoda on Last Fm.
Please play my ecstatic playlist.
Open deezer and play Curtain Call: The Hits by Junichi Okada.
Let's play Jamie Robertson's Handover on vimeo 
play a sixties soundtrack
Play This Is: Miles Davis on Lastfm.
Live In L.aJoseph Meyer please
Play the top twenty Hisham Abbas on Youtube
play some seventies Filipp Kirkorow
Play the most popular Puretone
Play music from E-type.
Can you play A.j. Pero on Groove Shark?
Play a Bob Burns song
I want to hear Leroi Moore on vimeo , play the song Chance Of A Lifetime.
Play some symphony music from David Lindley.
Please play something on Iheart from artist Ari Gold last album
I want to hear them from the artist Murcof
Play sound track music from the twenties
Play Dance With The Devil by Mr. Lordi
Play music from 1996.
Go to Itunes and play Dr. Lecter by David Hodges
Play S.t.r.e.e.t. D.a.d. from Hiromitsu Agatsuma through Pandora.
Play some movement from the fourties
Please tune into Chieko Ochi's good music
Play the greatest music from Bryan Maclean.
Play something on Last Fm
Play music by Joy Nilo.
play some Gary Lee Conner
Play music by Brian Chase.
Can you play top Zvooq by Fink?
play the top-20 Nawang Khechog soundtrack
Let's hear stuff from Andrew Hewitt.
Play a good ep from the eighties by Peter Murphy.
Play Another Passenger from Louis Nelson Delisle.
Play the top music from The Railway Children off Last Fm.
play the best Becca
Play something by Duke Ellington from the seventies
Use the last fm service to play A Mis Niños de 30
Play my Black Sabbath: The Dio Years playlist.
Play an ep from Mike Harding.
I want to hear anything from the Rock Symphonique genre please.
Please play a 1997 record.
Put What Color Is Your Sky by Alana Davis on the stereo.
Please play a movement from george formby jr.
play some new Les Vandyke on Slacker
Please open Zvooq
Play Progressive Metal.
I want to hear soundtrack music on Youtube from Helena Iren Michaelsen
play a song by Ramesh Narayan from 1960
Play some blues britânico.
Proceed with Hitomi Nabatame music from 2003.
Play something on Zvooq
Play music from Lynn & Wade Llp.
Let me hear Chris Knight music
Let's hear good Mohammad Mamle on Vimeo.
Please play a sound track from the fifties that's on Iheart
Play Music From Van-pires by Dmitry Malikov.
Play rich sex on Iheart
Play Modern Psychedelia.
