rate this album four out of 6 stars
Give this textbook four stars.
rate A Twist in the Tale zero out of 6 points
Rate The children of Niobe 1 out of 6 points.
Give zero stars to Halo: Ghosts of Onyx
give this novel a score of 5
Give the current series four of 6 points.
Give 4 out of 6 points to The Spirit Ring chronicle
Give two stars out of 6 to 36 Children
Rate The Sneetches and Other Stories a three
Rate the current series four stars.
rate this book a 4 out of 6
rate the current novel 5 of 6 stars
Rate this book a 1 
Give zero out of 6 to the current album
Give this album 5 points.
Rate The Mystery of the Tolling Bell series 4 stars.
Give the current novel two stars.
Give the current book 4 stars
Give Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers 5 points
Rate The Guilty 0 of 6 points
rate this textbook four out of 6
Give the Catedral series four stars.
Reminiscences of the Anti-Japanese Guerillas chronicle deserves zero points out of 6 for a rating.
Give Small Screen, Big Picture a 0 out of 6 rating.
Gods and Pawns should get a three
Give zero stars to this textbook
Rate the current novel a 4 out of 6 stars.
Rate the book The Atmospheric Railway 5 out of 6
rate Black Boy 4 out of 6
Rate the chronicle current 1 star
mark this album a score of 5
rate the current novel zero out of 6
rate the current novel a 2
Give The Giant Devil Dingo 4 points.
Rate this current novel two out of 6.
Give Monthly Index of Medical Specialities a two out of 6 rating.
rate this novel 2 out of 6 points
Rate the current novel 3 stars
rate the current essay zero out of 6 stars
rate this current album 0 stars
Give A Brief Stop on the Road from Auschwitz 1 out of 6 stars
Rate this album 4 out of 6 stars
Rate Hate That Cat 1 out of 6 stars.
give my current book one of 6 stars
Rate current novel one stars.
Give five out of 6 points to this album
Give a rating of 2 to Juneteenth.
Rate Ruth five out of 6 points.
rate The Sea of Trolls 1 stars out of 6
give The Zenith Angle one out of 6 points
Give zero stars to Rhialto the Marvellous
give the current book a zero of 6
rate Personal Demons 0 out of 6 points
Rate the current series a 4
Give one of 6 points to Who Will Cry When You Die
Give zero out of 6 stars to this album
Give this novel 2 stars
Rate The 8-Week Cholesterol Cure three out of 6.
rate this novel 3 out of 6 points
rate The Lives of John Lennon five points
Give The American Scene 2 of 6 stars
Rate this textbook a one.
Give Summer of the Swans 1 points.
Give the current textbook a rating of five.
Give 4 points to The Person and the Common Good
Give a four rating to A World Apart.
rate this chronicle 0 points
Give Wilco: Learning How to Die a rating of four points.
Rate this saga two out of 6.
rate The Gift: Imagination and the Erotic Life of Property five stars
rate Neverwhere four out of 6
Rate In the Company of Cheerful Ladies a zero out of 6
Give one start to the current book
Give this chronicle a 2 rating.
rate this essay a 1
Out of 6, give Rivers of Babylon a 1
Give 5 of 6 stars to Expressive Processing
rate The Ghost House series a one
rate Know Ye Not Agincourt? 2 out of 6 stars
I would rate Theft: A Love Story four out of 6 stars.
Rate The Further Adventures of The Joker four stars
Give 0 rating to In the Heart of the Country
Give 1 out of 6 rating to the current textbook
give the current chronicle five of 6 points
Rate Cotton Comes to Harlem a 2
Give this album one stars
rate The Adventures of Augie March one points
Rate Soul Music a 0.
Give Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them a 5 out of 6 stars.
Give this novel a 1.
rate the current textbook 1 out of 6
Give this textbook 0 out of 6 stars
Give The Crystal Snare 5 stars
Rate this saga two out of 6.
Give Wilco: Learning How to Die a rating of four points.
Rate this book 3 stars out of 6
rate the Three Junes one out of 6
Give four stars to The Broken Window
Rate the current series 4 points
